[Applause]
Bill Murray and Cate Blanchett are here
with us and we're just talking about
well George how do you get a cast like
this together in a way well you had to
do it in character in the film we had to
go around and convince everybody this I
flew to Australia for one night it was
great joy thank you I've heard that and
and most of the parts were written for
the people that we that we actually got
in it so we got the call the people we
wanted it was really really you wanted
them all of these people you were people
I wanted them all like every single one
of them all of them okay not all well I
tell you what I've enjoyed talking ads I
really appreciate everybody coming and
and the movies great and you should be
very proud of it and I mean what what
what what I mean you know I'm looking at
me like that what were you talking about
I finally get on the show you ask me a
question fine I'll ask you a question
what's your problem how's that
[Applause]
alright but if you work with a lot of
directors right I would most of I
wouldn't say dislike you but you're not
friend and they're not friends like what
is it like to work under a director who
is your friend like George Clooney okay
so that's
[Music]
the fire's appliers but it could be
dangerous that the fire it's not a fire
it is a fire we're gonna get everybody
let's get there ready come on there's
nothing on fire no the band's gonna
plead - yeah the better go come on
no not leave me man everybody talk about
my team instead I'm gonna talk about two
monuments this is obviously a trick all
right there's no sorry okay I mean all
right all right you know what anyway
this show sucks this audience the band
stops read the script for monuments men
I knew
[Applause]
[Music]